README.md, before:

# Haxe GameCenterManager

WORK IN PROGRESS.

*GameCenterManager is being [rewritten](https://github.com/nihalahmed/GameCenterManager/tree/swift-refactor) in Swift, once this is completed it will switch over to Swift from Objective-C. So it is unlikely that I will finish these bindings.*

[GameCenterManager](https://github.com/nihalahmed/GameCenterManager) Haxe bindings for OSX and iOS. 

### Features ###

Supports:
* Sync, submit, save, retrieve and track Game Center leaderboards, achievements and challenges.
* Customizable listener for reacting to Game Center events.
* Single API for Game Center across iOS and Mac OSX.

Doesn't Support:
* Fetching player challenges.
* Exposing local player data or profile images to Haxe.

If there is something you would like adding let me know. Here it is in action:

![Screenshot of it working](https://github.com/Tw1ddle/haxe-gamecentermanager/blob/master/demo/screenshots/unavailable.png?raw=true "Screenshot")

### Install ###

```bash
haxelib install gamecentermanager
```

### Usage ###

Include the haxelib through Project.xml:
```xml
<haxelib name="gamecentermanager" />
```

Basic usage:
```haxe
import extension.gamecentermanager.GameCenterManager;
import extension.gamecentermanager.GameCenterManagerListener;

GameCenterManager.setupManager();
GameCenterManager.setListener(new GameCenterManagerListener()); // Extend the default listener to manage events yourself
GameCenterManager.authenticateUser();

// A bit later...
if(GameCenterManager.isGameCenterAvailable()) {
	GameCenterManager.presentLeaderboards();
}

// Later...
if(GameCenterManager.isGameCenterAvailable()) {
	GameCenterManager.saveAndReportScore("my_leaderboard_id", 9001, GameCenterSortOrder.HighToLow);
	GameCenterManager.saveAndReportAchievement("my_achievement_id", 100.0, true);
}
```

Refer to the [GameCenterManager documentation](https://github.com/nihalahmed/GameCenterManager) and the headers for explanations of what each method does. Also see the demo app bundled in this distribution.

### Notes ###
GameCenterManager supports iOS 7.0+ and OSX 10.9+ deployment targets.

The ndlls must be compiled with the ```-DOBJC_ARC``` flag. Since the legacy runtime does not support ARC, only 64-bit is supported on Mac.

```
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Dmac -DHXCPP_M64 -DOBJC_ARC
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Diphoneos -DOBJC_ARC
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Diphoneos -DHXCPP_ARMV7 -DOBJC_ARC
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Diphoneos -DHXCPP_ARM64 -DOBJC_ARC
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Diphonesim -DHXCPP_M64 -DOBJC_ARC
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Diphonesim -DOBJC_ARC
```

Note that the ```GameCenterManager.authenticateUser``` method is not guaranteed to raise an authentication challenge dialog, so do not suspend your app or expect a view to be dismissed after calling this method.

Remember to follow Apple's documentation during testing, you need to set up a sandbox account etc.

Commit message:

Add unfinished/deprecation note and strip down readme

README.md, after:

# Haxe GameCenterManager

*Deprecated - these bindings are unfinished, and GameCenterManager was [rewritten](https://github.com/nihalahmed/GameCenterManager/tree/swift-refactor) in Swift. So this haxelib is out of date and deprecated.*

[GameCenterManager](https://github.com/nihalahmed/GameCenterManager) Haxe bindings for OSX and iOS. 

### Features

Supports:
* Sync, submit, save, retrieve and track Game Center leaderboards, achievements and challenges.
* Customizable listener for reacting to Game Center events.
* Single API for Game Center across iOS and Mac OSX.

Doesn't Support:
* Fetching player challenges.
* Exposing local player data or profile images to Haxe.

Here is the demo:

![Screenshot of it working](https://github.com/Tw1ddle/haxe-gamecentermanager/blob/master/demo/screenshots/unavailable.png?raw=true "Screenshot")

### Usage ###

```haxe
import extension.gamecentermanager.GameCenterManager;
import extension.gamecentermanager.GameCenterManagerListener;

GameCenterManager.setupManager();
GameCenterManager.setListener(new GameCenterManagerListener()); // Extend the default listener to manage events yourself
GameCenterManager.authenticateUser();

// A bit later...
if(GameCenterManager.isGameCenterAvailable()) {
	GameCenterManager.presentLeaderboards();
}

// Later...
if(GameCenterManager.isGameCenterAvailable()) {
	GameCenterManager.saveAndReportScore("my_leaderboard_id", 9001, GameCenterSortOrder.HighToLow);
	GameCenterManager.saveAndReportAchievement("my_achievement_id", 100.0, true);
}
```

Refer to the [GameCenterManager documentation](https://github.com/nihalahmed/GameCenterManager) and the headers for explanations of what each method does. Also see the demo app bundled in this distribution.

### Notes ###
The ndlls must be compiled with the ```-DOBJC_ARC``` flag. Since the legacy runtime does not support ARC, only 64-bit is supported on Mac.

```
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Dmac -DHXCPP_M64 -DOBJC_ARC
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Diphoneos -DOBJC_ARC
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Diphoneos -DHXCPP_ARMV7 -DOBJC_ARC
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Diphoneos -DHXCPP_ARM64 -DOBJC_ARC
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Diphonesim -DHXCPP_M64 -DOBJC_ARC
haxelib run hxcpp Build.xml -Diphonesim -DOBJC_ARC
```

Note that the ```GameCenterManager.authenticateUser``` method is not guaranteed to raise an authentication challenge dialog, so do not suspend your app or expect a view to be dismissed after calling this method.
